we might as well be honest with each
other just tell me did you sleep with
her okay are you happy did you say am I
happy you gotta be oh god here he comes
Oh Jasper what's the story with you two
anyway I'm head over heels you know iris
and Amanda are in exactly the same place
where do I want to go by myself
depressed at Christmas
just six thousand miles apart I'm
exchanged we switch houses cars
everything pink oh I need you to answer
this father any men in your town perfect
[Music]
come here as one door closes another
opens
[Music]
I'm great
IRA sees brother do you want some
company yeah
excuse me okay sorry about that boob
graze that was accidental you know
grandma I just hooked up with someone
and considering that you showed up the
nerve and sanely good-looking and I
probably won't remember me anyway I'm
thinking we should have sex if you want
is that a trick question it seems I had
all it turns out you'll go someone you
and meet people who make you feel
worthwhile again it's Christmas Eve and
we are going to celebrate being young
and being alive
[Music]
Paris hi it's Amanda can y'all don't
force a story that was Amanda point out
how she is can you tell them I'm good
how's he doing what's he been up to ho
please I can't believe that you have had
sex with the woman staying in my house
oh he's holding that oh my god oh my god
[Music]
the holiday I can't believe you've had
sex with Amanda she's been there five
days and then you meet her and
immediately get into her knickers still
me
[Music]
[Applause]